feat: add `--inf2cat-args` passthrough to customize `inf2cat` options (#702)
microsoft/windows-drivers-rs: crates/cargo-wdk/README.md

      --locked                     Assert that `Cargo.lock` will remain unchanged
  -h, --help                       Print help

Inf2Cat:

>       --inf2cat-args <ARGS>        Additional arguments forwarded verbatim to inf2cat, as a single quoted string

Author: Fixed README ✅

`--verify-signature` cannot be combined with `--sign-mode=off` because if signing is off there is nothing to verify. Passing both will cause `build` to fail with an error.

#### Customizing `inf2cat` arguments

> To target a specific set of Windows versions or pass any additional switches other than `/driver`, you can use `--inf2cat-args` with a string of the arguments to passthrough to `inf2cat` (e.g '/os:10_x64,10_CO_X64'). Supplying `/driver:` (or its `/drv:` alias) yourself is rejected since `cargo-wdk` provides it.

Author: Fixed ✅

`--verify-signature` cannot be combined with `--sign-mode=off` because if signing is off there is nothing to verify. Passing both will cause `build` to fail with an error.

#### Customizing inf2cat arguments

> By default `build` generates the driver's security catalog by running `inf2cat` with an architecture-derived Windows version list (`/os:10_x64` for `amd64`, `/os:Server10_arm64` for `arm64`) and `/uselocaltime`. To target a specific set of Windows versions — or pass any other `inf2cat` switch — use `--inf2cat-args` with a single quoted string of the arguments to forward to `inf2cat`.

Author: Changed README

`--verify-signature` cannot be combined with `--sign-mode=off` because if signing is off there is nothing to verify. Passing both will cause `build` to fail with an error.

#### Customizing `inf2cat` arguments

> To target a specific set of Windows versions or pass any additional switches other than `/driver`, you can use `--inf2cat-args` with a string of the arguments to passthrough to `inf2cat` (e.g '/os:10_x64,10_CO_X64 /verbose'). Supplying `/driver:` (or its `/drv:` alias) yourself is rejected since `cargo-wdk` provides it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target a specific set of Windows versions or to customize the behaviour of `inf2cat` in any other way, pass `--inf2cat-args` with a string of the arguments to forward to `inf2cat` . `cargo-wdk` itself provides the `/driver` argument so do not include it or its alias `/drv`.
```

Shorter and more in line with the text in the "Customizing signtool arguments" section below.
